hello viewers this is a noble today I'd
like to introduce you to a 2007 this
sanskaar line pv 36 type s
it's in pro white on 19-inch wheels it's
a current shape model with a 3.5 liter
motor really clean car one owner
on accident just a very very clean clean
sedan with big wheels we call it a VIP
car but has its own standard suspension
so it's not one of those lowdown kind of
funny car it's a properly done clean VIP
car
you see the body is spotless very very
clean rims are all in good clean
condition
good tires as well there's no remarks
good clean body
all in good condition
inside as I've told you it is half
leather
with a non-smoker vehicle comes with the
genuine camera this is a side view
camera of the left-hand side
see the Bluth and if you put it in
reverse comes ahead lovely here camera
as well
as a d6 3.5 litre water
very very strong
ok
so here it was
a year 2007 skyline sedan type s pro a
white very very stock standard but it's
on 19-inch alloys and has been upgraded
good tires good alloys a nice clean body
no downside so please take interest
thank you for watching bye bye